in Green Bay Campbell grad and former
uhl wack defensive end David vicuna made
his NFL preseason debut at linebacker by
intercepting Packers quarterback brian
brohm pick came in Green Bay's first
offensive play of the second half he
also had three tackles in the game
fellow rookie linebacker Bolden Brad
Kaluka Maiava log two tackles and third
year defensive end on a buoy mallela
Purcell had three takedowns came in a
lost 0 as the packers / way the Browns
17 zip it gets better just moments ago
former you H defensive back and Titans
rookie Ryan Mouton also hold in his
first NFL interception and he took it 29
yards to the house for his birth pro
touchdown she also had one kick Steen
yards to punt returns for a total of
twelve yards with one fumble Titans over
the Bucs 2720 we'll have highlights for
you tonight at ten awesome how's it
going everybody after seven years with
the rams boomer warrior linebacker piece
of t noi siamo made his bears debut with
two tackles in Chicago's lost a buffalo
today also making it in beam bear debut
Kahuku grin and six round draft choice
out of Oregon State a la palabra rookie
got the starting strong safety and
logged four tackles on the day including
that 2-yard loss on Marshawn Lynch bills
over the Bears 2722 final in the wind
for Buffalo former warrior wideouts EJ
Hawthorne had two catches for 23 yards
top overall pick in 2009 Lions
quarterback Matthew Stafford went 7 of
14 for 144 yards in one touchdown along
with one interception against the
falcons Stafford's loan pick were taken
42 yards to the house by 20 Gilbert
Lions got the wind 27 26 in the loss
former Rainbow Warrior Jason Elam went
two for two on field goals for the long
of 48 yards warrior football fall camp
rolled on today as a sophomore at
wideout last season Greg Salas was
second on the you H football team with
57 catches but he led the Warriors with
831 yards and receptions plus he had
three touchdowns in the offseason
coaches moved them inside
now he's at slotback so I mean
everybody's been pushing each other in
the off season and it's showing right
now you know we were ready for the
season season opener is still 20 days
away fall camp is nine days old with 11
practice sessions completed and by the
time Central Arkansas rolls into town
there's much expectation that status
will be the leader of what looks to be
one of the deeper units on the squad
heavens solace inside is he's quick like
an inside guy but he has size so he's
like a spread offense tight in receiver
kind of gay oh I picked it up pretty
well and it's nice to be an inside he
knows a lot more a lot more routes
reading and defense reading but it's
it's going good so he gives us a big guy
inside but he's got little guy quickness
so he's outstanding also shifting over a
full time into the slot Damien grad
kealoha pilares formerly a running back
that tandem along with speedsters
javonte Taylor and maybe Dustin blunt on
the outside should allow the Warriors to
spread the field teams off tomorrow back
at it on monday more the former lawyers
in the NFL today having good outings
former warrior Ryan Mouton and the
Titans taking on the Buccaneers today
and loot on dropping dropping into
coverage and steps in front of the josh
freeman past number 29 takes it back 29
yards of the pick six his first career
NFL touchdown he'd also have a tackle
titans beat the Bucs 27 to 20 they are 2
and 0 in the preseason in the Browns
loss to the packers today Cleveland
linebacker and former warrior David
vicuna got his first career pick comes
off the tip brian brohm pass mikuni also
had three tackles Packers they'll win it
17 zip former you H Rideout's EJ
Hawthorne had two catchers from 23 yards
for the bills and one of his catch
led to a Dominic roads TV run for the
Bears a lava lava had four tackles and
piece of tuna Samoa had three as duh
bears beat bills 27 to 20 coming off a
season where they log the most rushing
attempts in 10 years the University of
Hawaii football team will once again
emphasize the run and with the stable of
talented and healthy backs the team's
ground attack is looking more potent
than ever the pitch right jack new role
as running backs in the run-and-shoot
offense doesn't come in the traditional
manner since they block more than they
run our Burrell is really important you
know we gotta protect the quarterback
you know and that's how you know where
we're a part of line you know so our
protection is is key we got to take that
with pride and I know when we get the
ball we get the ball and we gotta do
what we can this year's backfield is led
by a trio of seniors in Leon right
Jackson in ok pinaki and jason rae go
and they're only worried about one thing
i just hope the Warriors know we gotta
get back to the White title you know
just that's my goal you know I
on the individual goal you know just one
hopefully helping the team also includes
ensuring the success of its future backs
and there's plenty of talent like
newcomer Alex Green who's already
impressed coach Mack he can run he was
an outstanding junior college running
back but he really fits into our
rotation and he's going to play this
year he's a he's very complements what
we're doing I'm ready to go me getting
the game in and it's pretty to have a
deal it'll borrow this I'm excited okay
wait what am I dreaming about oh no but
a long time so now finally here I'll
make the best of it soon green and the
rest of the team will get their chance
as the season opens up on September
fourth at Aloha Stadium against Central
Arkansas coach Mack also says he's going
to begin assembling his regular season
depth chart as soon as tomorrow you H
freshman quarterback Corey Nelson was
sidelined with an irregular heartbeat
Nelson complained of chest pains and
said he had trouble breathing during
Wednesday's practice he is scheduled to
undergo some stress tests on monday